This ICO is theoretical and in crowdsource phase, please chime in. 
The Trustless token Crowdsale shall pay for the production of increasing deliverables on the basis of reaching certain levels of commitment during three 40 day periods.
Tokens will be divisible to four zeroes and will cost 2 Ether each during the crowdsale.

a crowdsale contract would collect and record transactions and send them out to Tech Enterprises only upon day 121 and minting happens. 
need to run for 120 days in three sets of 40:

0-40: 6% Architectural Planning, Social Networking, and ICO Launch (10,000 tokens) 

2 Ether to register into Founder Multisig, the Multisig can vote you off the island and in overwhelming votes may add another to it

41-80: Building the Code to PoC (40,000 tokens) 9%

2 Ether to register into Devops Multisig, the Multisig can vote you off the island and in overwhelming votes may add another to it

81-120: Crowdsale (100,000 tokens +), if this crowdsale is successful a DAO will be deployed, as soon as 65,000 Ether is collected and the project is a 'Go' 

2 Ether per token, 1 token minimum during this phase of the sale

Trustless will form as a Low-profit Limited Liability Corporation (L3C) whom will manage the project according to the project's public service arrangement. 

#Crowdsale
The minimum 

65,000 Ether will develop the MIT Licensed Token Factory and Wallet code
80,000 Ether will develop the previous milestones plus the MIT Licensed Token Trust code
100,000 Ether will deploy an official launch of Trustless token Trust complete with legal review, centralized communications channels and group organization tools, (TtT tokens) 
150,000 Ether will develop a platform-strength Exchange mechanism to be built into the Trustless Trust DAO which individual Crowdsale contributors revieve 50% and the Trust recieves the other 50% (TtTE tokens)

#Development

We will develop primarily in Solidity using truffle and adopt ConsenSys mehodologies. The development community will seek out those creating Ethereum tokens.
We hope to gain developer sponsorships in the form of teams who require this management solution or parts thereof. We aim to assist in the advancement in this area as well.

#Sponsorship
Project teams working on tokens may purchase one token during the proper phase representing their sponsorship. 
What it represents is their commitment to developing the code and using the code to deploy their own tokens using this system and the official Trustless registry.
Sponsoring teams may include their details during registration for inclusion in the ICO and ongoing marketing.

#Legal

MME Swiss law firm operating in the FinTech Industry focused on distributed ledgers: "The Guard" code and legal review.
